fix: Self monitor load test (#1196)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/benchmarks/README.md

#### Test Results

> The main KPIs to tracks performance changes are Scrape Samples/sec and Total Series Created, this values should be in the range of 15-22 samples/sec and 200-350 series respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main KPIs to track performance changes are **scrape samples per sec** and _total series created_. These values should be in the range of 15-22 samples/sec and 200-350 series, respectively. 
```

Author: changed manually with merging with main

> Another metrics to track are CPU and memory usage of the self-monitor pods, both are directly influenced by the number of series created and the scrape samples/sec, more samples and series created will increase the memory and CPU usage of the self-monitor pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other metrics to track are _CPU_ and _memory usage_ of the self-monitor Pods. Both are directly influenced by the number of series created and the scrape samples/sec: more samples and series created increase the memory and CPU usage of the self-monitor Pods.
```

Author: changed manually with merging with main

#### Test Results

> The main KPIs to track performance changes are **scrape samples per sec** and _total series created_. These values should be in the range of 15-22 samples/sec and 200-350 series, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main KPIs to track performance changes are **scrape samples per sec** and **total series created**. These values should be in the range of 15-22 samples/sec and 200-350 series, respectively.
```
I missed this yesterday

> Other metrics to track are _CPU_ and _memory usage_ of the self-monitor Pods. Both are directly influenced by the number of series created and the scrape samples/sec: more samples and series created increase the memory and CPU usage of the self-monitor Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other metrics to track are **CPU** and **memory usage** of the self-monitor Pods. Both are directly influenced by the number of series created and the scrape samples/sec: more samples and series created increase the memory and CPU usage of the self-monitor Pods.
```
